README.md, before:

# TestOfSkills
A Web App to test one's skill for a STEM Expo Project

# Idea
- Make a web application that has many different tests that test the skills of somebody
- Collect data on these tests and show a graph using d3.js and show it to the people
- Compile the data and application and present it to the STEM expo

# Skills
- Test of Tenacity (reaction speed)
- Test of Swiftness (aim trainer)
- Test of Discipline (hit targets with right mode - SB Dojo)
- Test of Force (hit postive targets, avoid negative ones - SB Dojo)
- Test of Control (stay on the square - SB Dojo)
- Test of Order (number memory)
- Test of Linguistics (word memory)

# New Plan
- Use p5 for all of the tests
- Order and Linguistics might not be implemented, i will have to see
- No radixui or tailwind for the tests (rip)
- This is because it will take much longer to make the tests
- Pros: logic will be much easier to implement
- Cons: styling will be a pain

# TODO
- Make the homepage\
✓ Come up with codenames for the tests
- Add the skills\
    ✓ Tenacity\
    ✓ Swiftness
    - Force
    - Discipline
    - Control\
    ✓ Order\
    ✓ Linguistics
- Firebase?
- Connect results to database
- Use d3.js to display data into graphs
- Prompt user to complete reCaptcha to submit data
- Done
- Carbon Ads?

Commit message:

added results.json and updated README.md
added results.json and updated README.md pog

README.md, after:

# TestOfSkills
A Web App to test one's skill for a STEM Expo Project

# Idea
- Make a web application that has many different tests that test the skills of somebody
- Collect data on these tests and show a graph using d3.js and show it to the people
- Compile the data and application and present it to the STEM expo

# Skills
- Test of Tenacity (reaction speed)
- Test of Swiftness (aim trainer)
- Test of Order (number memory)
- Test of Linguistics (word memory)

# New Plan
- Use p5 for all of the tests
- Order and Linguistics might not be implemented, i will have to see
- No radixui or tailwind for the tests (rip)
- This is because it will take much longer to make the tests
- Pros: logic will be much easier to implement
- Cons: styling will be a pain

# Final Plan
- Only have the 4 main tests
- No Discipline, Force, or Control
- This is because it was not worth to make them for the STEM Expo
- Turned out really well in the end
- Added data collection, results.json, and code comments
- Project Finished

# TODO
✓ Make the homepage\
✓ Come up with codenames for the test\
✓ Add the skills\
    ✓ Tenacity\
    ✓ Swiftness\
    ✓ Order\
    ✓ Linguistics\
✓ Collect results\
✓ Done
